openlootcrate.ogg - 
	Compressed in 2023 by virvatuli sound/misc/openlootcrate.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/openlootcrate.ogg

openlootcrate2.ogg  - 
	Compressed in 2023 by virvatuli sound/misc/openlootcrate2.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/openlootcrate2.ogg

ArtifactAnc1.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/ArtifactAnc1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/ArtifactAnc1.ogg

ArtifactEld1.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/ArtifactEld1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/ArtifactEld1.ogg

ArtifactEld2.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/ArtifactEld2.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/ArtifactEld2.ogg

ArtifactMar1.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/ArtifactMar1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/ArtifactMar1.ogg

ArtifactMar2.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/ArtifactMar2.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/ArtifactMar2.ogg

ArtifactPre1.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/ArtifactPre1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/ArtifactPre1.ogg

ArtifactWiz1.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/ArtifactWiz1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/ArtifactWiz1.ogg

elec_bzzz.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/effects/elec_bzzz.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/effects/elec_bzzz.ogg

electric_shock.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/effects/electric_shock.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/effects/electric_shock.ogg

electric_shock_short.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/effects/electric_shock_short.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/effects/electric_shock_short.ogg

bellalert.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/bellalert.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/bellalert.ogg

engine_alert1.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_alert1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_alert1.ogg

engine_alert2.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_alert2.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_alert2.ogg

engine_alert3.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_alert3.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_alert3.ogg

engine_grump1.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_grump1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_grump1.ogg

engine_grump2.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_grump2.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_grump2.ogg

engine_grump3.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_grump3.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_grump3.ogg

engine_grump4.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_grump4.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_grump4.ogg

engine_highpower.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/engine_highpower.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/engine_highpower.ogg

tractor_running.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/tractor_running1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/tractor_running.ogg

tractor_running2.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/tractor_running2.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/tractor_running2.ogg

tractor_running3.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/tractor_running3.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/tractor_running3.ogg

tractorrev.ogg - 
	OG Commit sound/machines/tractorrev.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/machines/tractorrev.ogg


babynoise.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/babynoise.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/voice/babynoise.ogg

body_thud.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/body_thud.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/body_thud.ogg


speak_1.ogg - 
	OG Commit  goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_1.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_1.ogg

speak_1_exclaim.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_1_exclaim.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_1_exclaim.ogg

speak_1_ask.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_1_ask.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_1_ask.ogg

speak_2.ogg - 
	OG Commit  goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_2.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_2.ogg

speak_2_exclaim.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_2_exclaim.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_2_exclaim.ogg

speak_2_ask.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_2_ask.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_2_ask.ogg

speak_3.ogg - 
	OG Commit  goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_3.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_3.ogg

speak_3_exclaim.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_3_exclaim.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_3_exclaim.ogg

speak_3_ask.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_3_ask.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_3_ask.ogg

speak_4.ogg - 
	OG Commit  goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_4.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_4.ogg

speak_4_exclaim.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_4_exclaim.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_4_exclaim.ogg

speak_4_ask.ogg - 
	OG Commit goonstation/sound/misc/talk/speak_4_ask.ogg
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/speak_4_ask.ogg



radio_ai.ogg
	mybluecorners (8ec37f12e282492a5e7aeb4ec1d5cfa2f1df7460 
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/sound/misc/talk/radio_ai.ogg


neon_lining.dmi
	Nebulacrity https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/pull/1731
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/9470d5bbb76afa2ffdee6bddf8b97a68092d8b01/icons/obj/decals/neon_lining.dmi

pt_laser.dmi
	gannets
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/pt_laser.dmi


teg.dmi - https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/pull/3408 Azrun blower indication, Inital Commit (circulator's 
	Azrun https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/pull/3408 blower indication
	gannets - main teg sprite
	Azrun https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/pull/2902, open states
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/power.dmi
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/atmospherics/atmos.dmi

slasher.dmi 
	Zonespace27 https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/pull/6094
https://github.com/Zonespace27/goonstation/blob/d9a36b8ae0203788683a38c0b8546c14b0e0f656/icons/mob/slasher.dmi

electile.dmi 
	mybluecorners https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/pull/1425/files#diff-cc282396fd85af02912a95be13420419cc7a433cfb2280c362f3c3cf4451ad2c
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/effects/electile.dmi

320x320.dmi 
	goonstation/icons/effect/320x320.dmi (lootbox sprites), 
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/effects/320x320.dmi

displacements.dmi 
	pali6   (inital commit) 
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/effects/distort.dmi

particle.dmi
    Azrun - https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/0f11103f910db33e05482a21f567ae8ef01237f1
    flrsh - https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9ffc312e1b66aad4810dbf449c60b2b027b38898
    Sovexe - https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/ad6e662ae7547efff964ff6b39085621162761d8
    TobleroneSwordfish - https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/01f361fc560da88ab6cca050dd265bac420658f4
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blame/master/icons/effects/particles.dmi


multi_hit.dmi
	goonstation/icons/effects/96x96 - swipe
	goonstation/icons/effects/96x96 - stab
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/effects/96x96.dmi


networked.dmi
	 binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/pull/750
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/networked.dmi


plants_alien.dmi
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9fb6d4c8df6ca51bbd6178cc703ffbeb5ae64be7
	sovexe https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/54f6c5b1b825ebf65647a510195e8ec93154b7a1
	sovexe https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/b5145abcde8113ce371f842ed4c12c6e2e7944c7
	azrun https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/3100dbc7c3d69f4d1744d9ffa1b9ded1e9f2c126
	m-earthfire, tobleroneswordfish https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/08c48c389012d17c8bbf735a6bc0f0fec684dd54
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/hydroponics/plants_alien.dmi

plants_crop.dmi
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9fb6d4c8df6ca51bbd6178cc703ffbeb5ae64be7
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/a2bfa53e05fd18fd44d5d8bf9f8c3e4261e10fe6
	emily https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/6dde7025cf5ffaabc47f264638f90f92b116fbd7
	yellow-mushroom https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/df3347bf103e30354e1b45f5cea888d5c433be34
	DimWhat https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/306343902279aad64147a7d95fcb405ca95989af
	sovexe https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/d3e97cde29fef8047983b66c09f6bf5a62449a20
	crackaduck https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/32e09c6a1834f1042cf49571476117e38c680cdc
	crackaduck https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/350bf56e85732399329d9631485c45519951cf10
	wolfolotl https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/c0a09331cb7a3841030cd7991144cf92a826b5e1
	tobleroneswordfish https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/524eaf8aaf84b00920c7013fc5c6385f47b09be5
	flappybatpal https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/c09ca907184df4861b23a0df5df917d6505ea684
	tobleroneswordfish https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/1aa16631c7443140fdcf427bb9a04df5eeff8663
	sovexe https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/d3e97cde29fef8047983b66c09f6bf5a62449a20
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/hydroponics/plants_crop.dmi

plants_flower.dmi
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9fb6d4c8df6ca51bbd6178cc703ffbeb5ae64be7
	janonas, jigjagboi45 tarmunora https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/243d0bfade03e14829d3c50fee5d09c938f97d41
	munien7 https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/5b27507352cb4f2c5988018c04e47f26f09ab116
	flrsh https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9ffc312e1b66aad4810dbf449c60b2b027b38898
	eggcereal https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9198822090a3dad530df408d6cc77b7e77406551
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/hydroponics/plants_flower.dmi

plants_fruit.dmi
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9fb6d4c8df6ca51bbd6178cc703ffbeb5ae64be7
	jan-antilles https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/85c5d02771d900f72e32cd1ec9b5a85a7f01b9d1
	t-toasted https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/de386a2b86395f445c7a6ddba7cda039635c2605
	flappybatpal https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/c09ca907184df4861b23a0df5df917d6505ea684
	tanker4390 https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/4691dabb8b940bbd9c441af1e6916bd9f0bcd32c
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/hydroponics/plants_fruit.dmi

plant_herb.dmi
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9fb6d4c8df6ca51bbd6178cc703ffbeb5ae64be7
	mordent-goonstation https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/fdf70ea6bbcbde998d616b431328cb6770035524
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/a2bfa53e05fd18fd44d5d8bf9f8c3e4261e10fe6
	Janonas https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/a6291454d8210c29939c812a432b72f4aa394e62
	WALPVRGIS https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/4dc053670dc868888030d440feb4b3050370da00
	avimour, tobleroneswordfish https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/6a5b97afb44e2da544fffe2126e6cf9640089ee8
	colossusqw https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/114f0262462c4247578b308a4fba04e9350aa4ce
	flrsh https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9ffc312e1b66aad4810dbf449c60b2b027b38898
	temthrush https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/a2d3c6262172fa44eafd9071bba0364cf90cac09
	colossusqw https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/530ef545c793232ba2a57832f17c8deaf6a3cbfb
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/hydroponics/plants_herb.dmi

plant_veg.dmi
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9fb6d4c8df6ca51bbd6178cc703ffbeb5ae64be7
	wolfolotl, tarmunora, zewaka, mordent-goonstation https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/a941272744132922382940516cd83af2259f1ed9
	flappybatpal https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/c09ca907184df4861b23a0df5df917d6505ea684
	M-Earthfire https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/8ea2eb4b124dd7bd2c4a689e0bd1895dbe55d024
	Glamurio https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/d62440d0ecf4bb6380e2484f9ffc0251b2f31bf5
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/hydroponics/plants_veg.dmi

plant_weed.dmi
	binarysudoku https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/9fb6d4c8df6ca51bbd6178cc703ffbeb5ae64be7
	M-earthfire, tobleroneswordfish https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/08c48c389012d17c8bbf735a6bc0f0fec684dd54
https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/blob/master/icons/obj/hydroponics/plants_weed.dmi

	